# Here is a full list of commands

:            accept       affects      afk          age          ambush       
appraise     areas        auction      backstab     backup       balance      
bandage      banners      bash         battle       battlecry    beep         
berserk      blackjack    blue         board        bondmote     bondtalk     
bondwhere    brew         bribe        brush        buddy        bug          
butcher      buy          challenge    changes      channel      chat         
chew         clantalk     climb        close        color        colour       
combine      commands     compare      consent      consider     count        
crecall      credits      cut          dance        darkooctalk  darktalk     
deaf         decline      delete       deposit      description  dfhunt       
dirt         disarm       disembark    dislodge     dismount     donate       
drag         dragontalk   draw         dream        drink        drop         
dual         eat          elbow        email        embark       embrace      
emote        engage       enter        envenom      equipment    esay         
evaluate     event        events       examine      exchange     exhale       
exits        faire        fear         feed         fill         finger       
finish       fire         fish         flee         fletch       follow       
footsweep    forage       forms        ftag         gain         gamble       
gcom         get          gevent       give         gquest       grasp        
group        groups       gsocial      gtell        guild        handtalk     
headbutt     heal         help         hem          hide         hold         
hook         hookkick     hurricane    idea         info         infuse       
inventory    jog          join         journal      jumpkick     keep         
kick         kill         knee         knock        layout       leaders      
leapkick     legsweep     letgo        light        link         list         
lock         look         mentor       mount        music        news         
nibble       nmote        nobletalk    note         nstring      observe      
open         order        osay         password     pathfind     pawn         
peek         penalize     pick         pk           pkill        play         
pmote        pour         practice     proficiency  profile      prompt       
propose      punch        put          qa           quaff        quest        
quit         rdesc        read         rebirth      recall       recite       
recruit      red          release      remember     remort       remove       
repeat       replay       reply        report       rest         retell       
roleplay     rprecall     rpscore      rules        sacrifice    sacrifice    
save         say          sayto        scan         schedule     score        
scroll       seal         seantalk     search       second       select       
sell         sendmail     sendto       sew          shadowwalk   shape        
sharpen      shave        shiptalk     shop         shop         show         
sidekick     sing         sip          sit          skills       skin         
sleep        smelt        smith        smoke        smote        sneak        
socials      spar         spearforms   spinkick     spit         split        
spouse       srecall      stance       stand        step         stitch       
story        strangle     study        style        summary      surrender    
switch       system       tag          take         teach        tell         
throw        time         toggle       tornado      tourney      track        
train        translate    treat        tree         treesing     treetalk     
trip         trivia       typo         unarm        unhook       unjoin       
unkeep       unlock       unread       unseal       vault        veil         
version      visible      void         wake         walkin       walkout      
war          wear         weather      weave        weaves       when         
where        whirlwind    whisper      who          wield        wimpy        
withdraw     wizhelp      wizlist      worth        write        x        
